content/en/cv.md, before:

---
draft: false
showToc: false
ShowReadingTime: false
ShowWordCount: false
robotsNoIndex: true
---
English resume

For French resume, click [here 🇫🇷](/fr/cv)!

{{< pdfReader "/resume_en.pdf" >}}


<!-- ---
draft: false
layout: "staticpage"
title: "MY CV"
date: 2023-11-11
# tags: ["first"]
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
# description: "Desc Text."
# canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: false # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: false
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
ShowWordCount: false
ShowRssButtonInSectionTermList: true
UseHugoToc: true
cover:
    image: "<image path/url>" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
# editPost:
#     URL: "https://github.com/<path_to_repo>/content"
#     Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
#     appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---

Hello world -->

Commit message:

add direct links for mobile users

content/en/cv.md, after:

---
draft: false
showToc: false
ShowReadingTime: false
ShowWordCount: false
robotsNoIndex: true
---
English resume - Direct link to the [pdf file](https://fourat.dev/resume_en.pdf)!

For French resume, click [here 🇫🇷](/fr/cv)!

{{< pdfReader "/resume_en.pdf" >}}


<!-- ---
draft: false
layout: "staticpage"
title: "MY CV"
date: 2023-11-11
# tags: ["first"]
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
# description: "Desc Text."
# canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: false # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: false
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
ShowWordCount: false
ShowRssButtonInSectionTermList: true
UseHugoToc: true
cover:
    image: "<image path/url>" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
# editPost:
#     URL: "https://github.com/<path_to_repo>/content"
#     Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
#     appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---

Hello world -->
